[00:00] payroll processing. Usually the payroll prep I like to start it on the Friday before the actual Monday of the payroll processing. Throughout the full life you should be able to receive a few emails regarding any payroll notes. It's up to you on how you want to collate it. I like collating them in an email so that it goes straight through to Duncan or Graham for approval afterwards. So these are a collection of payroll
[00:28] queries and payroll backpays or additions or bonus leave and stuff or leave approvals that we need to include in the pay run for the period. The first thing to note on where to get information from this, it will usually come directly to your inbox or in the accounts inbox. If it does come through in the accounts inbox, it would then be categorized under the payroll category.
[00:56] and then just collect all the information as you go. In terms of populating them in the spreadsheet, we have a template that exists within the Y drive. So this is Y drive under payroll related, which is 03.
[01:24] payroll related, payroll timesheets, the relevant financial year. We copy over this template and then we populate them in the right Fortnite folder. So for this instance, our Fortnite ending is August 21. I've gone ahead and created that template here. And all the notes for the Fortnite that--
[01:52] I've received are already pre-populated in here because I've prepped this one last Friday. So all of that will fall under the note section and if applicable and it affects the pay then it should also be populated within this section here. So columns E up until S
[02:20] those are to be populated again if it only affects the actual dollar value of the pay. Once that's all done and you've created and pre-prepped all of the information that you need for the fortnight, you can then jump into employment hero under approved time sheets for the fortnight ending 21st of August and check if anything under the status submitted
[02:48] is still pending, that means you can't start the payroll process yet. But if everything is approved, then there shouldn't be any data underneath in this section. Once that's done, then you can start creating the pay run.
