[00:00] So now I just send this off to Duncan as well. So thank you for the screenshot. But where do I see that screenshot? Where do I get that in location? - Let me share my screen so you can see. - Yeah. 'Cause I went in and I was like, oh my gosh, I think I'm just going into the wrong places. Let me just not. - So under payroll settings, location.
[00:28] So if you type in marketing in here, see how it's available to all as yes. Yes. But I went inside further to kind of screenshot it. Okay, I went into the individual person and I was like. You can do that too. That one works as well. So if I go into, let's say a dump.
[00:56] - Pumpkin. - Yeah. - Under locations. - Under locations. - Yeah, but then it should be ticked here as well because it's available to everyone. - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - It's on like we, every time something like that pops up, normally we come really too much. The only difference is if it's like a casual, so like a Wade sometimes would message you to say,
[01:24] Can you make this available for this casual because this casual worked on my cost center? So let's say for example, Joshua Pindra, let's just say Joshua Velarde and Joshua Velarde was covering for Wade. So that I would go and look for a CBA team leader. I would just make sure that that is ticked. If it's not ticked like that, then I'll tick it. Make sure you
[01:52] you save it and then Wade should be able to allocate that person to that cost center. Ah, okay. But it only happens with casuals. Okay. Cause everybody else does everything. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I went into the people's list. All right. I was like, first, I was in payroll really. So this is going to be funny. So I'm just giving myself away. I went into payroll first and then I was like,
[02:20] No, no, no. So I'm like getting the glitch and I'm like, no, it should be HR. And I'm like, okay, now I need to figure out, I need to like align myself. And I'm like, okay, go into the PPE. Then I'm like, okay, man, I was like, nah, I'm just going into like all these random places that look like way too good. I didn't even think of going into locations, my dude. - Yeah. - Because locations.
[02:48] For me, it was more was the place. Yeah. And then when you send it now, oh yeah, that's the job. Job numbers. Numbers. Yeah. But you can also make it available for the in HR. I checked in here. I was here. It's just not as straightforward. I don't even know where to go when it's.
[03:16] here but I feel you can make it available here. Yeah because I looked here, mind you I googled and then I looked here and then it said it should be somewhere here and I was like no no no it's not it's not it's not. I was like yeah. It would be here somewhere you would think. Yeah and the employment records.
[03:44] Yeah. But then you can only select one cost center, which is not what we want. Yeah, it doesn't work. No, it didn't work. I was at this on the screen, exactly this one. And then I was just looking random stuff now, never mind. I'm gonna screw up something. Let me just go to G.
[04:12] Let me do those. (laughs) - But hopefully, yes. - Mind you, I do try. - Cost centers mostly in the payroll side. - Yeah. Okay, that's fun. - Cool, all right. - Before we can, can I steal some time? - Yeah. - Just go into the payroll. - Yep, let me stop sharing. You wanna share your screen? - Sure, I can share things.
[04:40] and something to be out of it though. What is Minh? - Also, that's one of the things that Duncan already knows to do. I don't know why he still asked us to do that. (laughs) He's been here the longest. - I just quickly, I don't know what you can see, but I just quickly wanted to, I don't know which one, did I close?
[05:08] Is it? No, I think that says give me a second. Let's stop sharing that screen because we're sharing the screen here. Let's see the screen that you're on. Let's do this one.
[05:36] Can you see where we're at? Yeah. Okay, so this is what I see. I know you just replied to me, but I didn't see the reply before. So I might as well just go through it. So this is what I did. Okay. I ran. Yeah, they didn't capture Tyler's one because I saw in his...
[06:04] I saw in his. So how did you get to this one? Maybe remove Tyler first. How do I do that? Actions. And then exclude from pay run. OK. I'm just going to move you over to the point screen.
[06:32] So this one? Yeah. Exclude from pay run. And then let's start over again. Hold on. Before you do that, let me just check one thing. Because when I went into expenses this morning, it said that it was processed already. How? I have no idea.
[07:00] but all of it is uploaded on the 25th. That's why I have a feeling it's actually-- yeah, I actually don't think it's going to get captured because everything is uploaded on the 25th. But you can try, so do pay run actions again. Add pays. Type in Tyler.
[07:28] That's exactly what I did. Yeah, but then if you open up the top down button. But funny enough earlier this didn't, or did it show there? Only that 78 was there, yeah. So it doesn't capture. So it doesn't capture any.
[07:56] - No, that's why I said just leave it. We can't force import expenses. I'll show you if you go into actions. If you go into actions for a second, on the bottom right, if you type, if you click add expense, it will just tell you to add it manually, which we don't want because then-- - No, no one's done.
[08:24] if you do the next pay run you might capture it again. Yeah. Yeah so it doesn't work so it's fine because I did reply to Mitch to say this is the process it's been in place since 2024 so tough luck sorry then you upload it on the 25th. Do you want me to keep this this one in there or do you just want to clear it? No just process it all in the next fortnight.
[08:52] Because then he'll question you why this one but not the other ones here right now. So Dylan's one, why is there a warning? Do you see that little warning beside his name? Do you just want to hover into that one? Which one? There's a triangle beside his name. Oh this one.
[09:20] I think this might be click this one. No. It said at the top of the page, so maybe scroll up. Oh yeah. There's no other warning. Is that the top of the page already? Yeah, weird. Yeah, it's done. Hmm. Interesting. I don't know why it's showing up as like--
[09:48] Click on the warnings tab. There's no warning. I clicked on this one. There's nothing. There's no other one. Interesting. OK, maybe just do actions and then let's see what happens. Actions. Yeah, and then you can terminate. Terminate complete.
[10:16] What date did you say again? 21st. 21st is correct, right? Yeah. And then the termination date. The termination reason is voluntary. Actually, scroll up, Danika, because I can see the warnings. So if you scroll up, where? There is a warning tab on the top.
[10:44] Oh, this one. Yeah. Oh, I want to click in there. Yep. Come print. Okay, that's fine. It's the same thing as what happened to Tawona where it already calculated PYG for the fortnight because he got paid.
[11:12] again for this one. Oh, yeah, very enough. So that's all good. That is fine. So with this, he's got unused leave payment of annual leave and also time in loop, which is fine. So 160.46. The only thing I would triple check is your if you toggle into HR, which I can see you have already at the top. The one on the left.
[11:40] - Oh, this one. - Yep. And then just go into Dylan. - Do you remember? 'Cause both of them don't have the same passwords anymore. Yeah, people's list, they're all right. - Yep. And then click on Dylan.
[12:08] >> And then scroll down just to double check his annual leave balance is actually 160.46. Okay, perfect. And then time is Louis 8, so that's what we need. So then you can finalize this one. >> Are we going to have to give a breakdown to Duncan like we did the other day? >> Yeah, but do all of that once you've finalized already. So just do a screenshot when you're sending out the email and stuff. >> Do you want me to screenshot this?
[12:36] - What did he ask for yesterday anyway? He just wanted the line. So if you collapse this one, that one here, the one at the top, the one that says total hours across, P-A-Y-G. - So just once this. - Yeah. - Have the screenshot. - Let me just check how much that is. Is it 5206 minus one six?
[13:04] - Five to six, yeah. - And he's getting three, five, one, 5.62, yeah, that's correct. - That's correct, yeah. So I am going to just keep this in mind. (mumbles)
[13:32] - So that's fine. That's the first parent and then what? - Finalize pay.
[14:00] Oh, they finalize by. And then finalize this bill. We don't change anything now. No, the only thing I double checked here is that the date paid is actually today's date so that when you upload it in the bank, it'll get processed at that date that you set.
[14:28] I was doing it different from watching your video, you have to actually like do it. How are you doing it? And then close, right? That's done with the video. Yeah, so that's fine. Now you go into payment file.
[14:56] payment file. Downloading it. I'm going to report rather than payment file. So I'll ask him to upload this. Yeah. And then when you're sending the email for payment approval, you have to include a screenshot of the bank. Yeah, I think she'll still turn this to me. I'll show you. She can screenshot it for you. Yeah, let me do this.
[15:24] Do you save these anywhere? Yes, inside the payroll folder. Which reminds me the one yesterday I need to save in the folder.
[15:52] - Yeah. - So, payroll time sheets.
[16:20] Yeah
[16:48] Just paste it there, yeah. So all the reports should be in there as well. What happened now? Paste it to download. It got you like that. It was very weird.
[17:16] [inaudible]
[17:44] Yep. Oh, why did downloads go in there? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's weird. How did it, why did it copy downloads in there? So I am starting to copy this.
[18:12] Oh, I'm way behind.
[18:40] Where did it go? So clear?
[19:08] Time sheets My gosh there's something wrong with my SharePoint What you say point why it's really not
[19:36] I don't even see the folder you just created. It's still probably syncing. It's probably taking a really long. It's probably not even your side. It's probably my side. It's weird. It could be that it's--
[20:04] It's my side. My side takes a bit long to sync. - Yeah, mine is all X in terms of like syncing. Like there's an actual X symbol beside each folder. - Oh, okay. So now it's your side. Definitely your side. - Yeah.
[20:32] There is something wrong. I just sent you an email. Could you please upload that ABA file into Thumbank? I don't know about this. And then just send me the screenshot so I can ask for payment. Thank you so much. Okay, it's definitely your side. I think your computer has been on.
[21:00] which I'm going to leave since yesterday. We've established this, right? And then, that copy, that's fine. Okay, so Coolio, what are we doing? - So you need to get that payment approved. - Yeah. - Once you upload that, and then you can jump into...
[21:28] I think you set this meeting for reporting. - Yeah, close. - I don't think we will have time if I show you the end-to-end process of doing the spreadsheet, which I'm not too fast because the procedure tells you how to do that anyway. - Okay. - So I'd rather focus on what it is that I look at in terms of red flags and things like that. What graphs are usually included in a report?
[21:56] I think those are the things that are more important because you know how to do Excel anyway. So if you're reading through the procedure on how to fix, let me share my screen actually. >> How are you feeling this morning? >> I'm okay. I'm exhausted as always.
[22:24] little bit still a little bit because I was off I was off the progesterone pessaries from Tuesday so I have a I have a feeling it's just the meds wearing off because nothing is nothing is like pushing that hormones up anymore yeah so I have a feeling it's because of that but this the CTG yesterday they said everything was fine so I was like okay then that's good it was so awkward because
[22:52] the two midwives were holding the Dopplers in front of me for like a full hour. Yeah. I can't even use my phone because they were just sitting on the bed with me. Oh, shame that's cute. They were just chit chatting. I'm like, okay, this is fun. Are you going to the private med, med, what medicate med? What? Would West need private?
[23:20] No, so my OB is private, but I'm giving birth to public hospital. How is the public experience? It's not too bad, actually. They're quite deficient. Like every time I go for a scan on a Thursday, because I'm doing weekly now, it's pretty quick. And they're pretty nice. So I was like, you know what, this isn't too bad. I went for my surgery within public the other day.
[23:48] - Yeah, and it was fine. That's why I'm not paying income insurance. - Yeah, that's why we didn't go for the insurance that covers pregnancy because I'm like, this is too much. It's too expensive. - Yeah, no, I've been paying for that. It's been four years, I might as well continue. - It's like 300, isn't it? - Mine is 500 and I'm cleared for the moment. - Holy shit! (laughs) What? - Yeah.
[24:16] I can't pay my husband's one worth mine. He's is $110. - A hundred something. I was gonna say a hundred something. - And then even the dogs medical, the dogs medical insurance is more expensive than my husband's medical insurance. - Oh my gosh, how many dogs do you have? - One. - Oh, just one. - We pay like, we pay like 175 for him. - Shit. That is expensive. My God, just all insurance for the three of you.
[24:44] He knows his level where he's at. That's insane. That is crazy that all of yours is. Do you want to refresh your PC? Maybe it'll work. You see that too? Yeah, maybe. Yeah, that's crazy. You know how many times I restarted yesterday? Three times. And then yesterday when I closed my laptop at around 6.30, I actually shut it down. And then I turned it on this morning.
[25:12] - Can you go to your search bar and just go look for updates? - One sync error. - Sync error. - Resolve. - Resolve. - Merge both changes. Keep both files, I guess. - It's probably a file that you wanted to delete. - Yeah, that's the one I wanted to delete, but then I'm waiting.
[25:40] for Mitch to finalize before I actually, you know, have two copies of the do not use. Yeah, this one. Yeah, interesting. Because I said, because I asked them to create this a while ago, because I really still couldn't open the one the original one. Okay. So I said, we'll just move into the copy. Okay, anyway.
[26:08] Let us jump into that report. So 2027, July. Basically the two files that I use every single month is this one here, where all the graphs exist. - Oh yeah, we're recording all good. Yeah. - And then the P&L analysis is basically the P&L file which allocates it per--
[26:36] department. Okay. So every month I start off with this. And then once I'm happy with all the figures, I've done all the checks, I've done all the reclass, I've done all the editing in zero for things that are missed, then I jump on to copying the data from here to here. Yeah. But it's best for you to finalize everything in this file first before you jump in on the graphs. Otherwise, you're double handling.
[27:04] So let me open this one here. And then I'll show you what files go into the raw data tabs. So GL code database. These are all the accounts that we have, so you don't really need to touch anything in here. Unless it's a new financial year, then you kind of change the date. Actually, no, you don't.
[27:32] I don't even need to do anything. No, these are all fixed. OK. So you don't need to do anything here. So the main tabs that I go through is from zero P and L here all the way through to. The cons tab. OK, what is the sheet one? Ah, I can delete this. This is an old one from 2024.
[28:00] So zero P&L obviously that's a copy and paste from the P&L in zero. Yeah. So if you run the profit and loss report, where's my P&L? You just download it for, let's say it's August. So you download it for July and August and then you
[28:28] you paste it. What I normally like to do is I like copy and pasting every single month as a new copy and paste rather than feeding off from the previous month. Does that make sense? Yeah, but then the previous month shouldn't have changed, right? So don't restrict for the differences? You'd think that it wouldn't change, but for instance, this month, remember we had that awareness.
[28:56] super thingy. Yeah, they asked me to change July, so that would actually change in here as well. So from August just copy and paste both July and August and then from September you can just copy over September. OK, so that aware super thing messed up the entire thing, but normally there's no changes. Because I would always tell him and the rest of the team that if there's any changes, we just put it in that current month and then make a note of it.
[29:24] So yes, copy and paste from this report. Normally the headings on the side would match whatever is in here already, but still just double check it just in case. So that's the P&L. So most of the checks that are in place are referencing from this tab here. Next we have the GL transactions. This is more of a...
[29:52] detailed list of the P&L. Yeah. So this is a custom report that I've created here. So account transactions for P&L analysis. So make sure you pay for it, that one.
[30:20] What do you call?
[30:48] You go into all reports and then it should be there.
[31:16] No, I don't know.
[31:44] You find it? I don't have it. You don't have it? Do you want to share your screen so I can have a look? Maybe I'm missing it.
[32:12] So all reports go into custom. And then that's that one. So favorite that and favorite the profit and loss. All of those three actually just favorite all of them. Yep, perfect. That was so silly. Oh good. Alright, let me jump back into it. Okay, so.
[32:40] So that's the report that I use. But basically, when you jump into that report, it looks a bit funny. So you'll have to-- so when you run this, you have to run this year till date. So every single month that you're doing this report, it has to be year till date. I'm going to do that from July 1. I'm going to click Update.
[33:08] And then make sure you're arranging it by account code. Because it's all random, right? And we don't want that. So usually the top bit is revenue. The second bit is cost of sales. And then the next one after that is overheads. So that's the order that we like to see it. So usually four, five, and six. But it comes up in a weird random way. So you'll normally just click account code.
[33:36] that it sorts itself out. And then after that, I can go ahead and download it. When you download the report, so it would look like this. It would look exactly like the spreadsheet. - Okay. It's just so much of copying and pasting it as well. - Correct.
[34:04] So you just make sure you convert this one to number. All of that because there's a warning sign at the end. So just convert it to number before you paste it. But everything else. So from here to L should be exactly the same as B to M. Just copy and paste as is. Just leave out the index section.
[34:32] They're in a different type of blue anyway. So leave out the index section and then leave out these ones here. There's formulas in them. So when that happens here, you will see some areas are blank, especially the ones here at the bottom. So scribed feeds.
[35:00] Sorry? - Why is that? - Stripe fees because it automatically takes the Stripe fee from, you know how when we have credit card payments, zero automatically splits it between three, which is credit card income, credit card expense, and then what's the other one? And then the actual payment. - Done. - So the credit card expense doesn't actually get allocated to a cost center. - Okay.
[35:28] because we use Cost Center, which is silly, even for credit card expense. So you just have to make sure that these are all admin. You just literally copy and paste it down. Same with the Cost Center here. Just make it all CTS. It's too difficult to note which--
[35:56] - Which one is for which department? So I just put it to CTS and then the fees get split three ways. - Okay. - Otherwise it's too complicated. But majority of this you can see, like this is consulting that's production, production, consulting and things like that. But it's too much to label one by one for such a small fee for literally like 0.82, $5.
[36:24] - Yeah, I know. - So just put it all to admin and CTS. And then the other bit is, I don't know if you remember we do a pie chart for the top clients. - Yes. - So that top clients is coming from contact. Because basically when we issue an invoice to a client, we choose the contact on who it's going to. - Okay.
[36:52] an invoice, right? So that's the contact. You know that that's for that invoice number. But in the cases of a journal, in the cases of a manual journal, there's obviously no contact assigned to it. So you manually have to type in the contact, unfortunately.
[37:20] OK, so that's CBA. But let me filter out all of the manual journals from the source. And you only need to do it for all revenue. You don't need to do it from when it starts to become five because that's cost of sales. OK, but we only track top clients for revenue.
[37:48] - Oh yes, this is ordering. - So for here, like the description would tell you anyway which the client it's for. So I'm in here, it's Commonwealth Bank of Australia. And then you type in the where super. Sometimes it detects it for you anyway. So you just press enter property, New South Wales, APT.
[38:16] So it does detect it for you. Yeah. The only other bit is making sure that every client has the same name. So we don't want to necessarily separate out Brisbane, Melbourne, CBP, CBS. Okay. So what I would do is I would just go into here. I would just label that as Commonwealth Bank.
[38:44] of Australia. Same with CBP South. I'm just going to make all of that CBH square so that everything is just CBA. Yeah, because this will be transposed into a pivot table. So we just want one client, one revenue amount.
[39:12] But yeah, everything that's manually uploaded as a journal, which is part of your WIP, essentially will have no contact name. No contact. Yeah. So you just manually have to type it in. So that's what I did for here. Before I pasted it, actually, I always edit it in the raw data.
[39:40] file. Yeah. So that I don't make a mistake in this one anymore, but it's up to you. You can still edit it from here. No, I also always just prefer editing, doing everything in the raw data. Yeah, the separate one. Yeah. So when that's finished, yeah, I am going to jump in to just filtering this spike in cup because that's what I want. I'm going to move.
[40:08] whatever data I need into the revenue summary here. This is not a pivot table. Oh, but we can actually make it a pivot table. - I just noticed I was wondering if you're making one. - Well, instead of copying and pasting it. - Yeah. - Let me do that now so that when you copy over this month, it should just, yeah.
[40:36] Existing worksheet location. I want all of these. I'm just going to make it as long as I can, but we probably don't need that much. What does that mean?
[41:04] - A box? - Why am I, I'm not referencing two cells though. - No, you were just referencing the one, right? - Yeah. Ah, you know what I'm gonna do. - Isn't there one that is merged? - I don't think there's anything merged.
[41:32] No What if I do this It's weird I can still hear people in your background by the way. Yeah
[42:00] up. I could hear that. But I am completely like away from everybody. No, but I can't hear anything. It's interesting. I have to try anything I got. So what do we need from here? We need. I think we need in rows. No, in columns we need the contact.
[42:28] You want me to do a session in another room? No, you're fine because they only talk for a little bit anyway. Amount is here. I want the year as well. Does that work? No, but I want that to be filtered. Well, you're going to have to filter it out. Yeah, I think this one.
[42:56] - Yeah, like that. - So columns, and then I want the type of quarter as well. I don't know if this will work. Nope, not does it look nice. Maybe we just filter the quarter out. Nope. I think that's fine. - Put it in color? How does it look like in color? - Doesn't look as nice. - No.
[43:24] I guess you just filter it out if you're running it per quarter. Yeah. I don't need account type. Do I need account type? I probably need account type because we just want income. Oh, yeah. It will be it because we want.
[43:52] We want income. And then I only want Q1. Yeah, that works. There's a Q3 because the formula is--
[44:20] is drag down all the way from the bottom and it defaults to Q3 for the blank ones. But you'll know anyway, if you're only working in Q1, it'll only have Q1 data. - Yeah. - Oh my God, I didn't even think of the pivot table. That's stupid. And then you just put a check mechanism. - I'm so used to just doing it like that. Like you don't think of the easy way to do it.
[44:48] do it because you're so used to doing it. That is a trick. I think I set the font of this retreat to delivery. I just want to make it uniform across. I think it was this.
[45:16] highlight cells, text that contains true, to be green. Oops. Yep. So you really only need that. So I'm gonna delete this. 'Cause I don't think you'll need to copy in the graph.
[45:44] I don't think you this one matters. Anyway, this one in that one. I don't think it matters. OK, so basically what you need. Ah, we missed out on the apartment. So we need that department as well. Let's see if we can add it as a. Field list. Cost center. Please work.
[46:12] No, that's not what I want. I just went to here. Nope, maybe just filter it again. Yeah, so that should work. You just filter it as is. Why is there a CTS in there? Oh, it's empty anyway. That's good.
[46:40] Yeah, that's correct. Because it's 112803 for that department. Yeah, that's fine. So you just filter it at the top here. At least you don't have to copy and paste one by one. Yeah. Yeah, so that automatically-- Do you want me to delete this? No, just hide it. OK.
[47:08] It won't be remaining. This was, it's just hiding it for sanity sake. Yeah, just in case you need to refer back to it. Correct. So this is fine. Let me just add all of that there. Cool.
[47:36] So that's what I use for that pie chart in terms of the actual top clients. - Fair enough. - And then number two, yep, sorry, go ahead. - Also then from the top to the bottom or do you just keep them as random as is? From the top spending client to the bottom or you keep them random? - In the graphs file, it does sort it out for you. - Okay.
[48:04] you jump into when we, when I show you the graphs file, it should tell you like the top clients, there's a next lookup in that time. Okay. So this is just a raw data dump file anyway. So number two, number two and number three, that's just your sanity check. Basically, it reconciles the data dump that we just did. It reconciles it against the P&M.
[48:32] Okay. So if everything is true, then you're fine. You don't need to do anything else. Most of the time, it's most of the time you don't need to do anything if this is all correct. Same with three. If your two is balanced, then three you would assume is already balanced as well. Because the only thing that the difference between the two is that
[49:00] This one here has other income, which is your interest received and also interest expense. This one here does not include interest received and interest expense. So that's the only difference between the two. Number four up until number eight, that's when the allocation happens. So with number four and
[49:28] that's the month, six and seven that's year till date, eight is quarter. So four and five, you still need to change the date here so that the data pulls it for that month. So I highlighted it in the different color. Maybe I make it bold so you remember. Again, if it's true already,
[49:56] then you don't need to do anything else with it. If it's false, just double check that it's referencing into the correct cell or maybe it's a rounding issue. Same with here because this side here is raw data. This side here is where it's allocated. So you'll see that there's values here.
[50:24] where it splits it based on these ones. I think you've seen this already when we were having that meeting with Graham. So it splits whatever is admin here. For example, Para processing fee, 1.975. That 1.975 gets split across the departments using the X lookup here. - Okay. - So these are all preset percentages.
[50:52] Why is this empty though? So this is onsite production video integration consulting. Why is consulting empty?
[51:20] we don't want that. All because we don't have anyone in consulting at the moment. Yeah, we don't have anyone in consulting. When we do end up hiring someone for that role, you do need to change this one, Danika. You need to make that one. And that you change the percentage. So that's the FTT. FTT. Yeah.
[51:48] - So the staff looks at the headcount. - Okay. - That's why it's zero. I had a panic attack. I thought it wasn't pulling it correctly. I'm like, no. But yes, same concept as number two and three. If all your other tabs are balanced, then this should just say it's true. - Okay. - And then this should be zero. This should be zero.
[52:16] that's referencing from the actual lines here at the top. This is per department with other income and other expense. This is exactly the same thing, but without other income and without other expense. And this is what we use for reporting. That's why you see that this is highly
[52:44] like to be a different color because that's what goes into the graphs file. And all the other graphs that you have should reference against the null Y. So that's the month. Year tool date, you don't really need to do anything in terms of filtering it through because you know how the month we have to toggle with the date. Year tool date just captures everything you're--
[53:12] - Okay. - And then same thing with OI, no OI. The quarterly, we also still need to toggle that between Q1 to Q4. - Okay. - I don't really use the year till date tab because we already have a year till date. So I'm just gonna, you can use the one, two, three, four, but.
[53:40] don't bother with YKD. Same concept, like legitimately the same concept. Highlighted in red as well. That's the one we use for the graphs. - Thank you so much. - The one thing I'd like to note in terms of what I manually do in this.
[54:08] spreadsheet is legal fees. Where are you? Here. Yeah. So if you think that we can't get any more detailed, we can get more detailed. So they like to separate, even though there's only one GL code for legal fees, they like to separate legal fees between--
[54:36] Eastern Bell, which is the actual lawyers and employee sure, which is, and pleasure is kind of like your workers comp insurance of some sort. They like to separate the two. So, employer is only $800 a month. If there's any other lawyer fees, then you would have to populate that manually here.
[55:04] All other is this and all. - Yeah. But depending on where you code it, usually Duncan with advice on where to code it, let's say there's a 1500 expense for onsite, then you just manually populated it onsite. - Okay. - But this one it's always there every single money. 'Cause we have that contract with them until 2020. - Okay, is that just...
[55:32] Retain of is? Yes, kind of. Okay. So in zero you'll see it under one of the repeating bills.
[56:00] No, why is it not loading as employer then? Yeah, see how M labels it as 40 over 60? That means there's 20 more bills that we're expecting from that. Ah, OK. But it's always $800 because that's a locked in thing. Obviously when you get to so when you update that one there that.
[56:28] for the month. Let's say you're updating it for August. You have to add manually 800 here. Oh, OK. Because it doesn't pick it up because we're splitting the two. Wait, say that again. Why did you add it to 1600? I'm adding another 800 because this is your till date temp. Oh, so July and August. Yeah, OK.
[56:56] - Yeah, fair enough. - And then same with the quarter, you have to make sure that you've got 2,400 in there. - Okay. - Yeah. The reason why we can't, sorry. - That's very manual. You could make, you could forget here. - You can forget, but anyway, there's triggers in here that would tell you you're out of balance. - Yeah, okay, cool.
[57:24] So if you're out of balance here, let's say I missed this one completely. Where is it? Oh, here, it will tell you false. - Hang on, just made a note on that. I will tell you false there. - Yeah.
[57:52] But once I put that 800 back. It should go back to true. OK. And that exists in every single tab anyway. So you'll know that that's happening. For instance, this one here, because I made that 2/4. Yeah. Because I know that by September-- oh, no, July, August, September. Yeah. By September, you're going to have 2,400 in there. So obviously, this one says false.
[58:20] But once I take that off, because we're working on the July file, it should come up as true already. This is false because it's rounding it. It's one of those things that it rounds it because I know that the profit line is 25, 8, 0, 6. But the top one isn't rounded though. So this is expense. Let me just see.
[58:48] of this. See, that's 17 numbers. When this happens, you just round it. Now it's true. It happens every now and then. I don't know why.
[59:16] That's fair. Okay, so that's the quarter. The fun part is also generally these are these are the same every single month. You don't really need to change it unless they want to revisit overhead expense split. But you will do that collectively as a management team anyway. If they want to revisit it, then stuff here gets changed. You have to remind them that once you make changes here,
[59:44] the previous months will not be the same way as what's changing it. Yeah. Yeah. So you just have to be firm on that as well. Because sometimes it will pop up. Okay. And then when that pops up and changes, then go back and you make the changes in zero as well. You don't need to because this split only exists inside the spreadsheet. Yeah.
[1:00:12] But I think it's because you have a spreadsheet every single month. Let's say you're already in December. That's already six months in the financial year. You don't want to have to go back into July and make the same edit. Yeah. So you just have to remind them that whatever set whatever you set in stone in terms of the actual split should be fixed for the full financial year. The only time that it makes sense to make a change is when you.
[1:00:40] you're doing a new financial year. Okay. On site now here. So this is now the departmental split. So from the actual P&L that we went through, this now takes everything that's only relevant to that department. So same thing here, you have to toggle between the months and then it should show you.
[1:01:08] what the actual data is for that month. There's checks in place as well. This is replicating the P&L, but it's one of those mini P&Ls. So that then gets populated here. This is what appears in your report. So this is the month one. This is your--
[1:01:36] tool date. This is the quarter. So for Q1, I've already updated that for you. So because this one is everything that's for last year is copied and pasted. Well, fair enough. Yeah. The last year is copy and paste. Last year copy and paste. Q1 last year is also copy and paste. Okay. So I've done.
[1:02:04] the Q1 already for you. This just needs to automatically populate on its own. Same with your total date. I've already done that for you for August. But in September you need to update it into the new one. Oh, that's fine. Yeah. So July is fine. So this one here, you already know what that is.
[1:02:32] the budget file here, you just need to relink it to the correct cell. Because at the moment that's referencing into the July column. Okay. So in the new file for August, if I go into budgets and forecast FY27, I'm going to open final.
[1:03:00] If we're going to do August here. The few things that I will update. Think of it in the same way as. If we're splitting the overhead expense in the actuals P&L, then we also need to split the budget P&L. Yeah, yeah. So in here.
[1:03:28] Can I zoom out a bit so you can see? Let's say we're working on August already because we are technically in August. We now need to reference this cell into I, not H. Because it's multiplying dollar value times the split.
[1:03:56] It's split is exactly the same as the split that exists in the P&L Actuals. So if you make a change in the staff, you remember I told you if there's a person working in consulting, you have to make sure that this is also changed here. So I'm going to change that now from H to I so that it references in the correct cell.
[1:04:24] So do that for everything except for the gray ones. - Okay. - Because the gray ones are the total. - And this is a new file every month? - I just keep working off the same file.
[1:04:52] I thought about working off separately, but then I'm like, then every time it's a new month, I have to relink instead of just updating the formula. You know you did it correctly if that's zero. - Okay, but if you update it then, if you just update it then you don't have the previous month's figures anymore? - You would still have the previous month's figures. - You still have it? - Yeah. - It's just, okay. - It's still there.
[1:05:20] And it would still be linked into the departmental ones. This is just to make sure that each tab here is pulling from the correct month. But these ones here should be static because it's coming from detailed C40. Actually, no, hold on. Let me go back. I forgot to show you one last thing.
[1:05:48] So is this still correct? OK, let me start over. What I forgot to tell you was so that the actual-- so that this one doesn't actually move, you have to hard code this. Yeah, that was my question. Yeah, so hard code the previous month. OK.
[1:06:16] Because obviously when you change that formula, it will change the-- The spreadsheets, yeah. --the spreadsheet, yeah. The thing you reminded me? OK, so now I can then go ahead and update it again from H to I. I wonder if I can just highlight everything. Again, I'm doing--
[1:06:44] all of this except for the gray ones. >> Okay. >> Cool. So that's updated. So then again, you'll know that you did the right thing. This is still the same. So this needs to be zero. That needs to be zero. You're out by 85. >> Yeah. >> Why is that? A while ago it wasn't out by 85.
[1:07:12] The only thing is it's so hard to find the variance when that happens. - When it's so small. - Yeah. - I mean, the variance is so small. Oh, I always hated that. It's better to find it when it's so big because then, you know, exactly where to look. - Exactly. Like where are you coming from? Everything is I, unless I miss the cell.
[1:07:40] Sorry, this is such a pain.
[1:08:08] Everything is I. Yeah. Huh. Why don't we relink this one here? So detailed I 73. So that's correct 239.
[1:08:36] Let me just drag that just in case. Yeah, okay, fine. And then let's relink all of this. So cons 33, 40, I 38. So cons h, 30,
[1:09:04] plus on 38 plus PRD 40. Oh 38 as well. Okay. Still the same 85. It's lower. So that means there's $85 is not getting captured in.
[1:09:32] one of these tabs. What could 85 be? This is 68, not even 85.
[1:10:00] Is there 85 here? No. PRD? 85? No.
[1:10:28] Nope. This is interesting. That is 95. 95. No. Where is the 85 coming from? So it's lower. This is higher. So there's more in here. It isn't getting captured here.
[1:10:56] So insurance is that minus H12. So C40 in detailed.
[1:11:24] These are all correct as well. Interesting. - Crazy. - Yeah. - Maybe it's two separate amounts.
[1:11:52] So G23 is correct. What about this one H20? That's also correct. That's also correct. I24.
[1:12:20] Also correct. I don't know. This never happened before. I mean it happened before but that was like a long time ago. I don't know why it's happening again. Maybe it needs to demonstrate something for me. Troubleshooting. Yeah.
[1:12:48] And you couldn't be around a rounding era. No, because it's too high to be rounding. I have a feeling because this one here, the detail is capturing it from the overheads list. So it could be coming from here. But then again, the 85 could be made up of small numbers. Yes.
[1:13:16] - These are all different numbers. - So let's just double check this one here. So 3417, we already know. Accounting fees is one eight. Actually, no, this is labeled incorrectly. Oh yeah, accounting fees, legal fees, payroll processing.
[1:13:44] to 150. So that together is 7667. 7867. But this is-- Oh, that's correct. I thought it was 7667. Choose and subscriptions together. 6687. Break paid. Instant asset.
[1:14:12] These three is 1995. Yep. Other insurance. That's correct. Travel is 105.
[1:14:40] Yep. Office supplies 200. Oh, sorry. Just a quick. Sorry, sorry. I was going to catch up with you in about 10 minutes, but what you're doing is far more important. So just can you tell her that the 1130 that we're going to have just let it go and I'll, we need to just, I'll just catch up with her before the end of the day. Just give me a call when she's free and we'll touch base.
[1:15:08] - Yeah, thank you, sorry. - I heard all of that. - You heard 1130, cool, perfect. - All good, yeah, 'cause he did set a meeting with me in 1130. - Okay. - But yes, I think this is more important, otherwise we were gonna run out of time. - Yeah. - I haven't even shown you the graphs file yet. - No. - Let me just check this one here, 24111. - 24111, yeah.
[1:15:36] No 24 that one was 24 was that 24 111 or 24 1? So up until client entertainment. 24 111 yeah. Maybe that's it. That's the difference there's a difference. 24 358. But that's $200 difference. So.
[1:16:04] It could be this office phones. Oh, here in your box. Did I include postage and office supplies on my mind? So it's this until here. So it's balanced. OK, and then leave expense. Yeah. So these two. Yep. One four.
[1:16:32] No, I think it's because it adds all of these. So 6948. Yeah, I think it was. Yeah. Payroll tax matches as well. Miscellaneous 100. So staff entertainment up until other expense.
[1:17:00] Staff entertainment up until rather than spend 64 to eight for balances as well. So this is weird. The variance is coming from the departmental ones because we checked everything in the tab.
[1:17:28] here so it's definitely coming from here okay so how do we check those ones so the cons ones here it's linking from here
[1:17:56] Insurance is correct because it's adding it to C4E, which is insurance. Employment expenses is all of that. And then just double check that it's C68 in here. C68, which is correct as well. And then this one here.
[1:18:24] Is juice and subscriptions so see 37. And then H11. So see 37. Yep. Think think. Operating expense is this.
[1:18:52] I can see your total.
[1:19:20] There's nothing wrong but unless so I'm going to mark off that we've taken that amount already. So 200 to 6.48. 339. Oh, yes. So everything is accounted for in the expense. Does everything.
[1:19:48] - It's weird that it's still output. - Let's try on site. So it's getting from 68. - 68. - And then these three numbers. Juice and subscriptions. And then those.
[1:20:16] three so same thing it's captured as well and then PRD where is it taking it it's taking it from PRD fix cost C44
[1:20:44] Okay, why would you take it from there? Because the other one takes it from the top bit. Yeah. Why did I do it that way? Good question. So this is taking from removable equipment. So production has its own insurance that's coded to them. So I took it from them. This might be it actually.
[1:21:12] So I took it from overheads, U39, I divided that by 12 and then I added it here. - But why? - It's because I referenced it to the fact that this insurance only is allocated to production and not to anyone else. - Oh, okay. - But I'm wondering if...
[1:21:40] I doubled it up. So CTS Overheads U39. U39. Which is that? - It's back on, seven tokens. - So I took this and coded it to production. And this one is coded.
[1:22:08] into this is coded to consulting. Oh, that could be the one I'm missing. Oh, that's $400. Only looking for $85. I know. I wonder if I'm doubling it up though. Yeah, I'm specifying specific hardware.
[1:22:36] He said he just uh... -U37. 38. 70. 43. 44. And then travel. Okay, so I want to double check if I'm getting this from...
[1:23:04] integration. Yeah, so I'm taking it from integration as well. So 40 divided by 12. And then in here that should have been captured under insurance. But you're right, why did I make it inconsistent?
[1:23:32] Oh, because they only have. There's combines it with two subscription and insurance instead of having two subscriptions and insurance as a separate line. OK. That's why I linked it into the next cell here. OK. But then why didn't you just put in an extra.
[1:24:00] - He can as well, but I'm not, I don't want to change this one anymore. I just want to find the 85. (laughs) Okay. Let's just try to find the 85. So this is fine. Cause we've referenced that in there. - Yeah. - 43 minus 44. 43 plus 40.
[1:24:28] Which is 3197. Yeah. 3197.67 so that's correct actually. Oh, I'm doubling it up, isn't it? 'cause this is already taking. That's what it's taking. No, no.
[1:24:56] But it's the same amount. So if you go into I where you went like where you change the eyes and all of that, those amounts were the same. So it should be the same amount. Wasn't I not bringing it up? No. Because I'm already taking 44 here. And then I'm taking it again here.
[1:25:24] Oh, so actually I think that's the double question mark. Made it 700. Because when you move, when you did that, I changed all the.
[1:25:52] in all the eyes. It was something the amount was exactly the amount for July and August was the same September's one is going to be different. So this one should be different in September. 1824.91
[1:26:20] Back to 85. 200 and 110. I think this is where it's coming from because normally I wouldn't reference the previous.
[1:26:48] So normally what I would do is why is it different in the previous song? Yeah, it shouldn't be the case because what I would do is FY budgeted detailed anything that's under general and admin. So this is all general and admin, right? If I'm looking at prod, I'm going to do this because that's the split from production.
[1:27:16] and video so I'm taking that person and I'm going to add that to whatever is labeled as general and admin here. Yeah. But in this instance, because this includes insurance, I can only go by doing this. Oh, damn. Why?
[1:27:44] Now it's different. There we go. Does it make sense what I did? I saw what you did. Because it was referencing it from the previous cell. From the previous cell, yeah. But technically what this should be taking is whatever we split in the overhead plus the actual departmental overhead.
[1:28:12] - It makes sense, yeah. - I'm just gonna drag that formula across because, wait, no, this needs to be fixed. So A37 needs to be locked. Oh, this one too actually. - Yeah. - Bruh, luckily. Okay.
[1:28:40] So when this turns zero, that's your signal that your reconciles across here. So now what I need to do, if I go back into the management file, you just need to change the reference of the budget into the new column. So this one is referencing from ONS F6. If I go into the budget, ONS F.
[1:29:08] You just need to change everything F to G. - To G. - Same with consulting tab, everything G to be H. - H, okay. - Same with PRD, H to I. - Okay. - I'm not gonna change this one here because this is July, but when you create a copy for August, that's what you need to update for that time. - Okay. - And then this file.
[1:29:36] is done, I can now open the graphs one. So once you're happy with the P&L analysis file, you can now jump into creating your graphs. Think of this file, it's going to be messy, but think of this file as your data dump. Because it's literally--
[1:30:04] - Yeah, it literally has data from all the way back into 2021. - Oh, wow. - And there's graphs in here that I left it there. My predecessors left it there because there might come a time where you want to refer back to a certain graph that Duncan will ask you to replicate. So it's good to have it all in there, even though you don't need to use every single graph every single month. - Okay.
[1:30:32] Remember the ones I told you that excludes OI? - Yeah. - They get pasted here. - Okay. - So that's the month, the year, the quarter. And then the month already flows through in terms of the chart here. So that's your front page in the financials, the presentation. - Yeah. - Everything else.
[1:31:00] 90% of this should already be linked into this tab here. Except for this gray one here, which is the employment expenses. Okay. And then this one here changes every single month based on this here. What is that there? That's labor hours. Okay. So update based on utilization.
[1:31:28] Actually, we just pulled that straight from the utilization. Where is the utilization report? It's in here, right? It's still in here yet. Okay. I'll show you how to get these, but let me show you these ones.
[1:31:56] first. So again, all of this should be automatic. It should be linked to these two areas here. Yeah. Because that's just for the month and then year till date. Yeah. This one here, this only came about like maybe last year. So it's only been one year since we've separated the two. Oh, okay. So the reason why we separate it is because office staff means
[1:32:24] - The reason why we separated this because we wanna know how much is the actual employment expenses for that department without admin. - Okay. - So departmental staff is the actual expense for that department. - Okay. - Office staff means it's admin salaries that goes into that department based on either a split or whenever we clock in into a cost center that--
[1:32:52] relates to that department. So for example, Duncan works across all three departments. He would separate his time between support production and consulting based on his time sheets. So his salary will then be divided between these three. But if you think about it, he's not part of that department because he's part of the management team. So that's kind of like the way we separate.
[1:33:20] departmental expenses that's pure for that department and then office staff is everyone else that's clocking into that department. Okay so his percentage will then be in the departmental staff at that point but he's the rest of it will be in office. Correct and then
[1:33:48] next bit that is manual is profitability per employee. Sorry, let me just explain this one because that relates to that. So the GPM, if department employment expenses is moved to cost of sales. So this is saying that if this departmental expense here, because this is non chargeable, right? All of these bottom bits are non chargeable. But yeah, so if you're just a cost center.
[1:34:16] Yeah, so if this one gets moved up to the top, which is your class of sales, what will the gross profit margin percentage be? So that's. Go ahead, sorry. Wait, so what were you asking me that? No, no, no, that's just a scenario that I'm telling you. I'm explaining why this one is here. Oh, OK, sorry.
[1:34:44] So if this 10,000 here is moved to labor here, what will happen to the GP? So the GP at the moment is 44.2. But once I start moving that 10K up here, the GP will reduce to 39.7. - 39, okay. - That kind of gives us a picture of if our teams are fully utilized, meaning this 10,000 is actually.
[1:35:12] part of that. Yeah. And that means the GP is only 39% as opposed to 44. But that's only in a scenario where everyone is fully utilized, which is impossible. Yeah, it's not it's not possible at all. Yeah, exactly. And then profitability per employee. That is calculated based on profit divided by the full time equivalent headcount based on
[1:35:40] the labor hours. So if I open up this one here, the labor hours. This is from the utilization report. I just asked him to save me a separate file last month because it was loading too slow for me. But basically this is the labor hours.
[1:36:08] was referring to yesterday in terms of finding out what you need to include in the whip as well. So this pulls the data for each department, the number of staff that each department has, the cost centers are at the top and it separates it between a chargeable cost center versus a non-chargeable cost center. So chargeable versus, come on, non-chargeable.
[1:36:36] And then we filter that for 12 months because we obviously want to know year to date amount. So for July, I did it from August to July. So I get the total of once here. Other CC means support staff working on other costs.
[1:37:04] centers that is not their default cost center. For example, we've got a, who's a good example. Let's just say Pat. Duncan's not here though. - Oh, he's not on there. - Yeah. So Pat, for example, so Pat is defaulted to support, but he's been working on a lot of the...
[1:37:32] consulting jobs. Okay, okay. So then his hours would show up in other CC. Okay. So what I love is all of his hours or just the hours that he was working outside of his actual cost center. Only the hours that is outside his cost center. So this takes it as a total of whatever you clocked into that cost center. Okay. So what I'll do is I'm going to add the total of all of this.
[1:38:00] plus the total of the other CC, which is that. So it's basically this amount. And then I'm going to divide that by the total number of hours in a year. Total number of working hours in a year. So normally it's either 2080 or 2080. You only have two choices anyway. So just check when you're doing the--
[1:38:28] months. Let me actually open the utility. But you're using but you're using 280. So do you use that as a standard or do you use it or it changes every single month. But I'll show you where I get the data from because we prep this one every new financial year anyway. Okay. We only have two choices. It's either 2000 80 or 2000 80. So on
[1:38:56] the actual utilization report file, there's a tab called Days, which you then use. So let's say for August, right? I'm going to do September up until August. That's 253 working days. So 253 times eight. That's actually, why is it 2024? That doesn't sound right.
[1:39:24] 253 times eight hours it doesn't sound right maybe double check that with ai when you do it when you do it next month double check it with ai i was gonna get tell me and use the calculator but technically that's like 224 okay that's interesting
[1:39:52] I thought it would only be 2080 and 2088. It's 2080 divided by... But it's not a whole year that you just take. You just didn't take a whole year now. You just took from July to... I did... Let's see. Did I close it? I did close it. I took it from September to August. From September to August.
[1:40:20] Let me open up the days again. Okay, so, oh my bad, I was looking at 20.25. So it should be here. So sept.
[1:40:48] September to. Oh, and needs to update this. So she needs to update for. The next months. Because the only then you'll be able to see how many working days there are. From July to August from August from when September to August.
[1:41:16] So how many working days in July? I just said 23. But that's also divided per state, by the way, Danika. Oh, is that? And then we'll be starting. 2088, right? Yeah.
[1:41:44] - 2088. - So that's why I was like, why is it 2024? (laughs) I know you only have two choices, either 2088 or 2088. - Yeah, I thought I'm gonna give it the states. - But anyway, that's how you calculate it. So either 2080 or 2088. So you take the number of total hours per that department.
[1:42:12] - Divided by the total hours for the rolling 12 months. - Okay. - So that 19, I used it to paste against here. - Oh, that's pretty good. - Yeah. And then that 1834, which is basically the profit of your total date for that department, is divided by 19.766. - Ah, okay, okay. - That kind of notes.
[1:42:40] down to be like there's 19 employees each employee generates about 1,800 in revenue in profitability. In profit okay so like you don't have actual profitability for the employee. As a report we don't. So we just basically calculate it this way but if you've got ideas on how to. So based on your utilization report the all that your utilization report at the bottom.
[1:43:08] has all those negatives so it will be skewed. Which one? The utilization report. On top. Here? No, yeah, there, top, it's got all those negatives. That means they're underutilized. Yeah, I know. So, but they actually not, are they? They are underutilized.
[1:43:36] They are actually. Oh, okay. Because they're chargeable only as 45 as opposed to their target of 65. And then again, I'm trying to figure out a way to see which like the the profitability per employer, the employee.
[1:44:04] - That's also good to know. Like the profitability per employee, that's also good to know. - Yeah, yeah, correct. If you have any other ideas on how to calculate it better, like feel free to raise that. 'Cause that's only a new concept that we started calculating about a year ago. - Okay. - But yeah, feel free to raise up any ideas that you've had experience with. - No problem.
[1:44:32] But yeah, that's where that data comes from. And obviously you replicate that between the other departments. So for consulting, it's the same thing. Where I'm adding the cons other CC plus the actual consulting total and then dividing that by 2080. Obviously, sense check it, the easiest way to sense check it is that consulting only has one person at the moment.
[1:45:00] in July. Remember, Pat is working on some of the consulting stuff. So if you think about it, that's almost two FTEs. But the consulting is they're not consistent throughout because now we've got one person but in the P&L, if TE is zero. Yeah, because Pat is technically not employed as a consultant. So then he actually is.
[1:45:28] zero at all? Well, if this one gets it from raw data on where he clocks in. Okay. So Pat is a casual that works for us whenever there's a consulting gig. So it's more of like an ad hoc basis. But he's not actually fully employed as a full timer in consulting department. Fair enough. With production, it's the same.
[1:45:56] thing. At the moment, it's a team of six as full timers. Yeah. But when you calculate their actual hours, it ends up being eight FTE because of the number of casuals that they engage. How many casuals are they engaged? They it's seasonal. So whenever they're busy, you'll just see that they engage maybe like 10, a fortnight and things like that.
[1:46:24] But very, very, very seasonal. Okay. But this only ranges between six to eight anyway. Okay, that's fine. Unless they hire someone as another full timer, then obviously that will change. But I don't think they're hiring anyone for that department. Hopefully not until you're back. But yeah, that stays the...
[1:46:52] same. And every single month actually, just to note, the difference, the movement in the values, even though you're updating it every single month, is so little. Oh, is that? Yeah, the movement is literally like a point something something something in the decimal. Okay. You'll see it when you do August reports, you'll see that from 19.766, you'll probably see it dropped.
[1:47:20] to be 19.75 something something. - Ah, okay, yeah. - It's very small. - It's not that much material. - No, it's very small. The only difference that the movement in here is because of the actual profitability numbers, not because of the hours. - No, fair enough. - Sorry, not hours, not because of FTE.
[1:47:48] So that's the first chart. The next one here is Q4, the quarterly ones. This one should be automatically pulling from this section here. So the only thing you need to do is to change this from Q4 to be July to September. That's all you need to do. And obviously up.
[1:48:16] update this one as well. So same concept. And then update this one as well. Same concept. Yeah, OK. The only thing with this, you're running it for the quarter, not for the full year. Not for the year. Yeah. And then this one here, I put a note here. Because--
[1:48:44] This is linked to, let's say you're doing Q1, right? You're gonna link Q1 with here. Same with this one here. You're just gonna have to link it one by one.
[1:49:12] - That doesn't look right. Why did the profit become 81? Oh, it's actually 81. (laughs) I was like, what? 'Cause it's the data for the previous quarter. - Yeah.
[1:49:40] But yeah, you relink this one here. Let's say you're already doing Q1, right? - Yeah. - But when you start doing Q2, before you paste the data here, make sure this is hard coded. - Okay. - 'Cause otherwise the data will move. - Okay. - Yeah. That's why I said here hard code when Q1...
[1:50:08] when the hard code when Q1 win, what the heck? Hard code when Q1 quarter is finalized. - When Q1 win, okay, when didn't win so I hope you can do that as is. - Yeah. - And then I normally put a note to say that it's updated. By updated, I mean that I've hard coded it. - Okay. - 'Cause it's easy to forget.
[1:50:36] Yeah, that was still last quarters data. But yeah, just make sure that you don't forget to hard code it. Otherwise, you're going to have to repeat yourself. I don't really use this one, by the way. OK. So I use this. But I only show this when there's two or more quarters. So team one, you don't even need to show it.
[1:51:04] Because you have it up there. Yeah, you already have a quarter one here. Yeah. So this one, they only like to see it when you've got two or more already. But it's mostly also relevant only for a year's old date because you show the performance every quarter. OK. Other than that, I don't show it for Q1. So the moment you start using this would be from Q2. OK.
[1:51:32] Yeah, Q1.I is here. So I use this, this. I don't even use this. And then I use that. You want me to hide it so that you don't get confused? - No, just leave it at the end. I'll go back on this. I'm gonna go back on this video quite a few times. I normally go back on the videos quite a few times until I get a graph one. I know because watching, like I said, you're watching and doing is two different.
[1:52:00] things. Yeah, correct. But yeah, I don't use this one here. So just remember that. And also I don't use this because it's the old way of doing it. Yeah. Why don't I move this one here at the bottom? So you actually don't see it. Yeah.
[1:52:28] - Right. That's just the P&L for now. Revenue tab. I don't like using this anymore so you don't have to update this. - That one is... - It's canceled. - It's so wild. - The only thing I update here is the actuals. - Okay.
[1:52:56] So just update this one here. Okay. Maybe I marked it green for you. So that you know that that's the current year. So I update that one here, but you'll notice that we don't separate production video consulting and integration. We just do one lump sum for consulting, lump sum for production. Okay.
[1:53:24] integration. Question, where do you get this number? It would be from your P&L here. So you add these two together and then add these two together. You can even just link it. I just wanted to ask why are we not linking it and then hardcode it afterwards? Every single month it will change. So you're going to have to hardcode it.
[1:53:52] So you can link it, but you hard code it every time you create a new file for the month. So you link it to July. Do you want to link it to here? Your P&L analysis? Yeah.
[1:54:20] So that next month you just update the link to be July to August. Just make sure that you call it the same way, otherwise this will have to change. >> Yeah, and I will figure it out. >> Then this one here is what I actually use. So this is the one that
[1:54:48] you saw in the previous financial one that had the comparison between the actual performance and the budgeted performance as a running total. So let's say this month we may make $250,000 in onsite. Production will probably make, let's say, $200,000, because I think they're quite busy this month. Let's just see.
[1:55:16] Consulting not so busy. Let's just say 50,000. What did I add? So one 250, 200 plus 50. So that should then show you what the actual is in terms of that.
[1:55:44] Because you're adding the previous months plus the new data for the month. It's actually 25,000. It should be 250. It looks funny when you're only two months in. But it's a lot nicer when you're actually-- - Nicer when you're birthday in. - Yeah. So adding previous months with the new data.
[1:56:12] so that it's a running total. But I don't think that's what I did here. So I need to put spots for you. Just bear with me one second. So let me copy this to maybe here. - Just before we go, what is the axles? - Say that again. - Column G says axles, what are those? - Oh, it's nothing. It's just a...
[1:56:40] It's meant to be the month. I just didn't bother putting month in. But this is your budgeted amount. This is your actual amount. So every single month, this is what you update. Because the budget is already set in stone. So what I'm going to do is this plus that. That's why I was wondering why does it look funny? It's because I didn't do a running.
[1:57:08] total. Okay, I wish there was an easier way. I should be. Tell me. I don't know.
[1:57:36] because I'm adding it manually.
[1:58:04] you
[1:58:32] Ah! Why? It's doing that funny thing. I'm gonna flip if the total after this is not the same as what we budgeted for. I'm very crazy.
[1:59:00] You
[1:59:28] you
[1:59:56] Yeah, that's correct. Now that makes more sense. 'Cause I was like a while ago, it looks funny with the up and down. I was like, what happened down? It's meant to just be going up. Yeah, so that's what it looks like. So in August, just make sure to update that.
[2:00:24] - Is that what you had on your thingy anyway? On your PPT? - Yeah, but I forgot to add to make this a running total. - Okay. - That's the only difference. So I had to add it manually to the top one. But in here, that's what you'll do. So when in the next month, make sure you change this one here. - Yeah. - That's all.
[2:00:52] good. So that's the only part I use that for. That revenue too. Should I hide? Oh no, you need that one. I thought you told me it. This one here is the one that compares the revenue between actual budget and rolling forecast. So this one won't be relevant yet until you wrap up Q2. Because obviously there's no rolling forecast yet.
[2:01:20] So we use the one here on the side. Yeah. Which only has actual and budget. And then they should automatically be linked. If you just drag that down. It should be linked to the revenue tab here.
[2:01:48] So this one I use. When you reach the quarter, you can use that one. So you compare the same thing, but in a quarter format. This one, I don't really use that much anymore. This was created by the predecessor, where you're comparing how much revenue they have versus the profit. Because they've always been either at a loss or a minimal profit.
[2:02:16] It became redundant at a certain point to show the graph because then it's a recurring problem. This is just showing you the different quarters. So this is only relevant for the full financial year. Yeah. You can show it for Q1 and Q2 when you have Q2 data already. But other than that, I don't think it's that relevant. Same with this.
[2:02:44] It only looks relevant when you have multiple quarters in already, but even if you have that looks really, it's hard to look at it. So you're better off using this. - Just using the first one, yeah. - The more simple one. Sales revenue per department, you've seen that one already. That's automatic already as well. So that just takes it from the P&L tab. You just need to copy and paste it in the PPT. - Okay.
[2:03:12] Onsite revenue versus profitability. Again, I don't use it anymore because the department has been profitable for quite some time now. I only created this when they had a time where they were at a loss. But not relevant unless they're coming at a loss again. Revenue versus profit is...
[2:03:40] Yes. So I have one for the month here, but I have one for the quarter here and I have one for a year till date here. Okay. So just check where it's linking at. But basically the month links to just one area, which is this. So what I'm going to do in August, I'm going to copy that.
[2:04:08] Paste it here. These are all hard coded anyway, you copy and paste it. I'm going to label this one August so that I don't have to keep moving this, the cell reference. I just moved the data down. So that in next month, the only thing I'm changing is the label here.
[2:04:36] and the actual data for August here. Because when you reach Q1, let's say you're working on Q1, you then need to add August, July, and then September. So that's why I just leave it there.
[2:05:04] Where's the expenses one? I also had an expenses one Expenses trend but again Only relevant for the financial year. You probably don't need it for the month and a quarter Change in profitability Again only relevant for the quarter. I mean for the year. It's relevant for relevant for Sorry, this one here is really happy year as well. Oh, yeah
[2:05:32] Yeah, so do this one for half year. Do this one for half year. But no need for this one. This is just for financial year. Okay. Labor versus equipment for the quarter. I actually don't bother. I just do it here till date. Because the data rarely changes. So there's basically minimal move.
[2:06:00] in terms of the pie chart. So you remember this graph here? - Yeah. - Where I told you the darker the color, the more recurring the revenue is. So you've got the fixed fee contracts from support, license fees because it's repeating. If you're comparing year to date versus the quarter, there's barely any movement. - Okay. - That's why I marked this as red because I don't normally use it. I left it there.
[2:06:28] just in case they request for it. But other than that, I just use year to date. And then this should be automatic as long as your data here is updated. So you just relink this one to the correct month. So this is getting it from July at the moment. Just relink it to-- - To August. - August. - Okay.
[2:06:56] Actually, you need to relink it into August year till date column. Because I think this is getting it from, let's see, PNLP4. Let's just check if that's actually year till date column. I think it is. Yeah, okay, that's fine. So it's getting it from the total. - Yeah, so then it's fine. It doesn't have to be relinked. - No, so as long as you update that, then it's--
[2:07:24] should be automatic. This should be automatic and that should be automatic. This one too. So it's just a matter of putting it in a PowerPoint. This one here is the top clients. So remember the pivot table that we created previously? Yeah. You're just going to have to paste that in here as well.
[2:07:52] If you're talking about year till date, the month and stuff is not relevant anymore. The quarter is also not relevant. But you don't really create. There's a separate tab for quarter anyway. So what you need to paste moving forward is this three only. OK, 'cause that's what appears in your pivot. So I'm actually going to delete that.
[2:08:20] Clear? Hello? Clear contents? Because you don't need that anymore. Refresh this pivot table here. Yeah. And then update the ranking. OK. Remember you asked me, how do we know which one is the highest? Blah, blah, blah. Yeah. So you update the rank. And then you just drag that down.
[2:08:48] The rank then automatically gets pulled here because there's an X lookup here and there's an X lookup here. So the only thing you're updating manually is the yellow cells because you have to match whatever it pulls as a name to the actual name here. These are all ASX names, by the way. ASX listing names, if I'm not mistaken. - Where do I get those?
[2:09:16] I actually have no idea. This was already here when I started. I know that like even if I don't know it, I just type the name of the company. Like for sure Microsoft doesn't say Microsoft. It's probably something short. It's probably something shorter. But I didn't know and I couldn't be bothered searching for it so I just put Microsoft.
[2:09:44] but you can probably like try and find it in a cloud or something. Remember what I told you as well in terms of the industry and stuff because you asked me like how do I know which one is the industry for that department for that client blah blah blah and whether what type of engagement they are. So this was still the data for the last financial year. Obviously the data would have moved already.
[2:10:12] because you know that AGL is not IT, AGL is energy. Yes. But if you need to refer back into this, because that forms part of your quarterly report. So this chart here at the bottom, the revenue by segment and the type of engagement that's part of your quarterly. You can always refer back into my previous one's June file, which is
[2:10:40] - It is a client. - Okay. - So this one should tell you what type of engagement it is. - Oh, yeah. - So client, thing O and then engagement. This was half done by me, half Jordan. - Okay. - So that's year till date. You do this.
[2:11:08] same thing for quarter but obviously you're only copying and pasting data for the quarter. Refresh the pivot table, adjust the ranking and then update the names here. Same with the months. If August you're only doing the month then you only run it for the month.
[2:11:36] Why is it showing June? PLH6. Wow, it's out by-- - It's out by a lot. - Why is that? But I'm using seven--
[2:12:04] - That's exactly what it sounds like. - Oh, 'cause it's only 459. That's interesting. - Should you not use the other one? - Which one?
[2:12:32] Oh, no, doesn't make sense. Oh, I didn't use the month one because essentially July is your total date. Oh, OK, so that's why this one still says. I was like, why does it see June? I thought I updated this. No, because I just used the year till date. OK, yeah, OK, so that was right then. But if I copy this over, it should be the same.
[2:13:00] Yeah. Yeah, there you go. So refresh that, update this section here. And then that should flow through into here. See how that's still drink data. Yeah. And then we divide that further into departmental pie charts. So that was the.
[2:13:28] overall company. Now we have to do the same thing just for onsite. Yeah. The same thing for production, just for production. And the same thing just for consulting. Okay. So that's basically everything that's in there. And then if I open up the management report that I have for 2027 July.
[2:13:56] That's the first graph that I showed you about. Yeah. And you can read through the commentaries and basically you can replicate whatever commentaries I have. But the easiest way is if you really want to be efficient and quick with the commentary, just upload this to AI.
[2:14:24] Because then it can tell you. - And we do an analysis. - We do an analysis, but you still have to be careful when you put it through AI because you kind of have to explain the type of company that we have and things like that. - Very enough. - So still filter, even if you're uploading it, filter through what you actually want to say in the reports. - Yeah. - But the common scenario is managed services are always...
[2:14:52] is always profitable. - Yeah. - Production, very seasonal, up and down. But August and September should be profitable for production. - Okay. - It'll be concerning if you're not profitable for August and September. Actually, August, September-- - I just wanted to ask, isn't it like, because you said it would normally be the squatter that is--
[2:15:20] profitable for them. Quarter, sorry. Like it would it would be like three or four months that would be profitable for them. Yeah, correct. Production. Yeah. So usually Q2 is the most profitable for them. Which is from what is it October to December. Yeah. That's the peak of their profitability because of the AGM season. But bear in mind they're currently in the
[2:15:48] results season. So August should still be profitable. So just have a look when you're trying to run the numbers and everything has been invoiced. They should either be profitable or at least close to being profitable, maybe minus one or minus two. Okay. How is this, Ari? How is the figures based on the budget from last month?
[2:16:16] how they performed. They exceeded it actually. So basically they achieved 110. They basically downplayed it quite a bit then. Yeah they downplayed their budget a lot. I don't know why but that's what they said is in the pipeline at that time so you can only advise so much. Yeah fair enough.
[2:16:44] But yeah, so August should be good. September, I'm not too sure if it's profitable. It might be quiet before they hit the busy period of October, November. Obviously December is quiet, January is quiet. Feb should pick up. March should be quiet. And then integration and consulting.
[2:17:12] The only busy period for this department is basically done already. Which is when the financial year finishes. So usually May and June is their their peak, especially for integration. So don't be surprised if every single month you see the loss because that's pretty normal. We don't need that. Yeah, so that's pretty normal for them. Revenue comparison.
[2:17:40] I know you asked me a question as well. How do I know which one they didn't achieve which one they achieved? Yes, that's basically a manual thing which we love. Oh yeah, we love. We are. I love that. I literally go into the sales forecast per department. Yeah. And I updated manually. Will you get the sales for first?
[2:18:08] The sales forecast is already there because that's what they budgeted for. So if I'm going to be working in August, I'm going to hide this one here. Actually, let me unhide everything. And I only want to show. So August, basically you need to update this one to actual.
[2:18:36] And then start updating the numbers. I highlighted in the different color because I know that I've manually updated that. You don't have to be like fully, fully, fully exact as what you've achieved in the actuals. As long as you're like super close to it, then that's fine. Because there's lots of things that can form part of it, especially for WIP. So revenue from WIP can form part of it.
[2:19:04] this as well. Oh, is it? Yeah, because then you're trying to match the P&L versus what it was, the actual P&L versus what your actual performance is in terms of sales. So for production, you'll see it quite a bit. But there's items in there that's actually not invoice to a client, but only with. Yeah. So just finally update those ones here.
[2:19:32] It's labeled specifically anyway, so you'll note that like CBP team leader, that means that's Wade's revenue that we charge to the client. Although they form part of one invoice, you just jump into zero, open the invoice for CBA CBP, and then check if there's any deduction for that role. And then for production--
[2:20:00] from the invoices? Most of these invoices? Both. Most of it is invoices though. So the total, you're obviously matching with the P&L, but the P&L is made up of the invoices that you send out. Yeah, of course. So that's for onsite. Production one is a little bit tricky because production--
[2:20:28] and video is freaking separate. So it does take a bit of time to do production. So I normally leave production as the last one. I actually hate doing it because you have to go through. So this should be an easier way to do it. If you can think of one, let me know and record yourself. Oh, that was scary. But at the moment, the only way
[2:20:56] I could think of capturing it is through manual manipulation of the numbers. Because if you look at the headings here as well, it's like, how am I supposed to know which one is new for that one? Basically what I put in the existing to new and new to new is that if they're not listed here and there is revenue coming from them, I dump everything in here.
[2:21:24] Oh, OK. So for example, last month. I know Microsoft was new, so I put in Microsoft in there. Microsoft like Card and engine collective. I just dumped everything in one one line. OK. Um, but yeah, separate whatever you. Put under production. Versus whatever you put under video. OK.
[2:21:52] Based on the space. - But in those ones also, you get those ones also in the revenue tracker. - Correct, yeah. Most of these are actually coming from revenue tracker. - Link, can't you somehow link revenue tracker? - You can and you also can't in a way. - Okay. - If it's specific to one, 'cause you know how the revenue tracker, even if you've got the same...
[2:22:20] client who has multiple events. Let's say PwC. PwC can have three events in one month. You would then have to add that manually in the tracker. So it's almost as if you're updating it manually anyway. Okay. And then the other bit is it doesn't work for on site because the on site sales budget is made up of per role.
[2:22:48] revenue tracker has it per client. Does that make sense? So in the revenue tracker, it would just say CBA CBP as 24,000. But in here, you've got CBP per person. So that's why the value was. Yeah, because if it was consistent, you would be able to take it from the revenue tracker.
[2:23:16] Correct. Make a separate sheet, probably do a pivot or something there and pull that from directly. Yeah. I don't know why they like separating it per roll for onsite. Maybe there's a reason why Jordan does it that way. But when it reached to me for the past two years, it's always been in this format. That's why it's very manual in terms of populating budgeted
[2:23:44] versus actual. But also in the commentaries here, I know I try and say these bits here, you know, there's new revenue coming from blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. There's no revenue coming from this. You kind of know it anyway, because when you're reviewing and reconciling revenue, you kind of have an idea, okay, these are new clients for this department. So I'm going to note down.
[2:24:12] that there's new revenue coming from that department. That's why they achieve their budget. - Yeah. - And then same for support. If you know that you're invoicing a lot of ad hoc ones, you can also note that down. There's a lot of ad hoc coming from PwC, but it's lower than budget because we did have a few contract deductions for no coverage. - Okay. - So the commentaries are usually pretty much the same for...
[2:24:40] support and consulting as well because consulting most of the time they don't achieve budget. Okay. So it's usually easy to pinpoint which ones they didn't achieve because if you go into that's not the budget file where is the budget file. If I go into consulting one for this month you notice from the yes
[2:25:08] from meeting yesterday, we're only inviting two clients. Yeah. You already know from that list that you probably don't have this, you probably don't have that. Yeah, you probably don't have that. Definitely not. So for August, you already can note down that you don't have 300k worth of revenue coming from PwC. Correct. So it's pretty straightforward for both on site and consulting.
[2:25:36] The only difficult one is for production. But also bear in mind property New South Wales and APA are consulting. That value usually comes from WIP because their licenses. Oh yes, yes, I saw that the property New South Wales. Yeah. So that's usually the amount usually.
[2:26:04] stay the same but just double check it in the whip. You know the toggle in the whip revenue tracker? Just double check the amount in there. Okay. So the commentary is coming from that. Again it doesn't have to be like super specific in terms of your commentary. The only thing that I want you to note is that they did request moving forward that you add a comment for consulting department to say
[2:26:32] whether it's a lost deal or is it just moved into a different month? - Oh, okay. Coming here. - Coming here. I said here, no revenue coming from Ventia, Wayflyer, Visagio and PwC, but then add a comment to say, but this revenue is still one. It is just realized in this month. - It's still there. It's still...
[2:27:00] is going to be just different now. So that's right. But you'll have to check that with Jordan. Okay. Because you won't be able to know when it's moved to. Or if it's even lost or not. Correct. Yeah. So all of that information should come from Jordan. Okay. So you can raise that in actually, it's gonna be too early if you try and raise it in the revenue meeting. So when
[2:27:28] you're doing this one and you're comparing with a budget file, you can just quickly teams him or even send him an email about it. - Yeah, I'll just name that one. I'll just team him. - Yeah. And then that's the revenue versus profit that I showed you, copy and paste, same with this copy and paste. Most of the graphs I compare it with the previous financial year's data. - Okay. - So you would notice it a lot, I would say compared to...
[2:27:56] last year. And in here, they like it better as well when you're comparing dollar value versus dollar value rather than percentage. OK. Because it's more accurate. It makes no sense. Operating costs distributed. The only thing they want to note here is what's the normal fluctuations?
[2:28:24] in a month. So if you're reviewing the P&L and you see that, okay, this month we're going to pay for CTS anniversary drinks, then you note that under general in admin or other optics. Okay. This month we paid for extra IT expenses, then you just note that down here as well. Okay. Because they want you to highlight whatever is outstanding.
[2:28:52] in the overheads. Same with this. So this orange here is just broken down further. Yeah. Because the two main things that changed in comparison to last financial year is the increase in rent and the increase in IT. So we're just tracking if it's still consistent. OK.
[2:29:20] Same with this. This is the top clients for the year. So we're comparing the movement in dollar values between last year's pie chart versus this year's pie chart. So you categorize it between decreased revenue, increased revenue, new clients that are part of the list this current year, and those who are not part of the list that didn't transpose into here.
[2:29:48] So that's usually my four headings all the time. Same with consulting. You can note down who the top clients are from last year versus this year. The B&E P&L for consulting. And then you just put notes in here as well. If you've got anything to highlight for the month.
[2:30:16] Support. We do track the percentage of our engagement that's direct to client versus where we're subcontracting. So direct to client has always been the same CBA Deloitte, conquest PwC. So you basically just add the percentages per client. So add 44 by 20 by 10 by eight.
[2:30:44] And then obviously the rest are subcontracted. Yeah. T&L for support. This one always ranges on the 45 mark. OK. The GP also is around more than 10.
[2:31:12] Oh, okay. Okay. Consulting, it's hard to tell. But integration at the minimum, the GP here should at least be 15. Okay. At the minimum, net profit margin, again, it's a little bit skewed because it's only done working in that department. So it's hard to tell the NP. But as long as your GP makes sense that
[2:31:40] it's around 15, then you're fine. - Okay. - Production, so top clients, the same thing. I would note that would decrease, increased, not part of the list and you to the list. That's obviously in comparison to last year. - Yes. - P&L for production. - Yeah, yeah. - On average, that should be 55 and a...
[2:32:08] above. If it's on the 40s, that's a bit concerning. That means you need to look at why their equipment is high, why their labor is high. See, my God, they only made 49 last year. This year is 110. And the budget, it's so few and boring. Yeah, they budgeted kind of in between that two. Yeah.
[2:32:36] But July is generally quiet for them. That's why I'm surprised they made 110 in revenue. Ever. Yeah. We should be doing better this month then. It would be like 500. Hopefully. July. Does it ever get that much? No. All 500K in terms of the month? Just for them. Yeah, it does. But only in like October.
[2:33:04] Utilization for the month. Normally this doesn't give you much data. So I put it there, but we like to skip through it because we like to look at the rolling 12 months. OK, OK. The only thing to note here, I guess, is they always look at these guys.
[2:33:32] And then the negative. Yeah, but mainly for this team. This one is pretty much straightforward because most of their hours are chargeable. They only become minus if they take leave. So like, for instance, Nick has been taking a lot of sick leave. That's why he's on minus two minus two. But not even that much. Yeah, not a lot.
[2:34:00] 21 because Dan moved from on-site to consulting. But after October, Dan will be removed from the list. Just bear that in mind. So you need to remove Dan from support because he's fully in consulting from consulting. Yeah. Okay. But will he's time sheet cannot say that? Yeah, it should say it. But this would still just double check. It should disappear. But if it
[2:34:28] doesn't just make sure that he's not part of this bottom line anymore. Okay. Because this is a pivot table. Yeah. And then you've got this is the budget file. Next month, they did request if you could show if once you start adding in the actuals for August, they wanted you to keep showing the budgeted amount for August before hiding it. Okay.
[2:34:56] because I always hide it. I thought they didn't care about it. But now moving forward, they want to see July as actual, August as actual, and then budgeted August. - Budgeted August. - Yeah. So in the budget file, actually, I need to show you that in order to do that, that is actually manual. Hello. That's actually manual.
[2:35:24] So I'm going to insert that here. Oh no, let me just copy this over. And label that as eight. You manually added the data in. Just based on the P&L. And then update this year till date tab to add.
[2:35:52] and this, and then you repeat that every single month. That's it. But obviously, I guess when you're showing August and then you just show this one here. You can show it up until the budget versus actual, or you can show it up until budget versus last year, it's up to you.
[2:36:20] I just think there's too many numbers if you show both. - Yeah, it becomes overwhelming. - Yeah, but it's up to you how you wanna show it. But yes, it's manual. - Okay, just a second. - I think we'll stop there for now. We can have a break. - Yeah. - Yeah, and then when we come back, I think we need to do the payroll questions that you had. - Yeah, did you manage to?
[2:36:48] just go through them? - Yeah, some of them are straightforward questions, but I'll walk you through some of them. - Okay, cool. Okay. - I think that was that. But let me know if you have any questions around how to create the graphs and stuff. Most of it's pretty straightforward because it's like you navigating through Excel. - Yeah, I don't think I would struggle with that all that much to be honest. Yeah, I think it's the P&R.
[2:37:16] that I need to just have a double check on and all the other ones that like, you know, like that needs the actual data. But other than that, I think it will be fun. - Yeah, I think it's the analysis where you'll kind of be a little bit on the struggling side because then you kind of don't know where things are at yet. - No, like literally. And when I was talking...
[2:37:44] yesterday and it was like you've literally been here just not just a week. I know. It's a lot to absorb. When I train you I actually feel bad because I know some of this is probably not sinking in anymore. Like especially like at the end of the day. Yeah 100%. You're talking but it's not going in. It's not sinking.
[2:38:12] It's almost three hours.
